Rust Tutorial improvements for 0.2.1 (#1029)
slint-ui/slint: docs/tutorial/rust/src/getting_started.md

We assume that you are a somewhat familiar with Rust, and that you know how to create a Rust application with
`cargo new`. The [Rust Getting Started Guide](https://www.rust-lang.org/learn/get-started) can help you get set up.

> We recommend using [rust-analyzer](https://github.com/rust-analyzer/rust-analyzer) and [our extension for `.slint` files](https://github.com/slint-ui/slint/tree/master/editor/vscode) for following this tutorial.

Reviewer: Excellent idea. Small suggestion:

```suggestion
We recommend using [rust-analyzer](https://rust-analyzer.github.io) and [our editor integrations for `.slint` files](https://github.com/slint-ui/slint/tree/master/editor) for following this tutorial.
```

edition = "2021"

[dependencies]

> slint = "0.2.1"

Reviewer: This isn't strictly needed, since `0.2.1` will automatically be used with when specifying `0.2.0`.

> slint = "0.2.1"

Reviewer: Suggestion from Olivier which makes it even clearer that we're happy with any `0.2.x` release:

```suggestion
slint = "0.2"
```

Reviewer 2: I think this is going to be anyway overwritten by the script that updates the version number in the docs
